but after good taste nice that you get this video
it will show that my sport sometimes works for a whole period 2
sporting used to be everything
we must see
jelle
and I would state what
I find it here to run fast
our bikes were in Alkmaar
nevertheless, that threshold must be applied much more often
certainly now sit in the cold betje wolff and
somewhat chilly
the mechanics duo surprised and at
I'll put it
but that is a small static
A member of the IMF report has that there are only a few good chances
apple's
from my age that later in life is a sport that there is a park in oss
became national champion on
aim to be on a higher plan that has
maric told he is suffering from depression and comes to people watch
get going and it's harder
already thought outside the market rate
that has made the album baby strong steps and steps
for example, he says just starts pinches lessons
to search for the sport of football
Well we don't forbid her study to always be obvious
Why but in my case peak Cleveland Parquet is on the day off when it comes to sorry
for my sport
m that means that I only have front facades
have this need and outside the Netherlands
I am almost done with the video of yes
today
dealers he saw yesterday
reached an agreement
that the neighborhood super attentive
the caregivers and sport
that's why it becomes one
15 kilometers
bennink hour fifteen exactly the disgusting
I don't find it very easy
what exactly is the very first forest that i just said better today
give mothers day
h because hardly any more food is over but it was possible
Runner emissions are reasonably good
so today a little steps out of the ground on a lamppost
to lower
and
Thursday afternoon also trips and it was about twenty
Sand dunes that are 15 miles in in European then it was
we just always take a step
what is the next step is it a debt
In addition, Unizo receives support after the Lucky Lampard suspects were
they can take a nice shower and eat
almost over on Tuesday
that has now been three hours
she's only one point
just think about it a bit
the image of a few small steps of jepperd has been set by the athlete
that I
how often per day during the day say a step to get dressed for this
so the step to go outside so we less so
I need it if the weather is less with euros or if I am myself
especially today
one also if
I also punch in to recognize a better day in the days that
players and three members who here what
being able to keep busy
and that is the case today
and then i know i can fix it if i just run fast
but I really have to expect a roadside bomb in that way and the
to sell
we certainly will
That is also a bit of my sense of how I live
we all want to reach three hours
they are sometimes too large to want to put down in one go
As a result, it may help that although I am on it
on that the uefa cup
Thursday, March 3 case now
15 kilometers we have been doing this for several times in recent months
but come running
looking at almost two years ago it was found that the last marathon
that's my but i'm goal
but before that we are still looking for small steps and the small steps that exist
Among other things, I say three four five times a week
run off the dork
ranging from 10 to 20 kilometers this moment
That makes the second goal of the marathon is currently on sale
But today the man turned out to be all that trainer for the rest of the week
of the earth not only concerned with
the running assignment
and then it helps
another day like today to take a small step ahead of it
namely prevent gay people is charged
what i have the busy places where do you think i am spork euro at one point
head Start
with two more pieces
cheek
you know it didn't
also with a lot of how to the right marcel
change showed that these are not included
that was a goal to be pursued
but if you insist on the small manageable trips that every day said
the market with the weaponry to think about was then the
the ecocathedral of takes away a million euros
had been a driver
although the shop
Who
leeuwarden was a flower box the ek gymnastics the quirky artist
he has since died
he has become known for his stacked stones
the structure
and in new construction he has his own site
which do not deposit full of clean
and then he just went to where that Paarlberg dumped
it was all gone
the street vowels are the pavement dutchman
that was opposed to that of alcohol
he didn't either
just hand stands but had none
the operator does not use devices just with his hand
He wants me to have you had a very personal conversation with him when I got him there
at work
in fact, he wants to show it
what you can achieve if you just pile stones by hand
and if you take the time for that, he especially wanted to be very busy
with what time does
one one
I think a lot is being thought about
say with that
also last year
it is impressive it looks like that
parents looking for you
temple complex
toll the side walls
the block a strong woman
and that is almost impossible to imagine that no one is mistreated on his own
stacked
but if you realize he just filed every complaint he worked
with, among other things, days to a neighbor
on the insinuations
has two hours of stacking stones
they did that too
that is their discontent
I also have an important factor in the phase
take small steps
take a step is thought
care for nature
so it continues to develop how small the poker pro koksijde strike action is
that there is always a small step aside every day and take care of it
device constructive
that it falls over
so you don't kill it
because they get too sick a lot also happen to people who
those of everything that build something very quickly very quickly fun for others
Something goes wrong
by turning stress through the disease is the type of work
therefore the catwalk was finished
and then everything goes overboard
and in fact that was not that the entire site would be full anyway
vague
modestly run
everything is upside down
that's a shame
so please also be sure the stunners have built up
and construction products and if the ministry falls sometimes have a day and
does not mean that does not mean that your entire structure is included
well that i think a nice picture also the houses think about live saw
this morning still comes to
so otherwise on a much too expensive or sports or dragging
Pay more attention to the Diniyar people or get into a different relationship
or
whatever you do
says little baby steps every day
and take care of it
the the profit that the book that you are those guests
but my beautiful thought for the day
I say I lower you one point
thank you good looking anyway